ppi - pixels per inch
screen sizes are taken from a diagonal measurement
pixels aren't the same size on all devices
the closer the eye is to the screen, the smaller the pixel is supposed to be.
you shouldn't be able to see the pixels on a phone or tv

images or graphics have both pixel dimensions as we as pixel density
that make up the resolution of the image

a single pixel is made up of subpixels which give us the colours
a combination of red green and blue

cmyk - cyan, magenta, yellow, black are used to replicate colours when printing

the quality of a printed image depends on
	one - the image resolution, or pixel density
	two - the capabilities of the printer

printers print in dots not pixels
dpi - dots per inch

		Print		Display
PPI		150-300		n/a
Colour		CMYK		RGB

pixels are the smallest unit of measurement for any display
ppi and dpi are often used interchangably
increasing the ppi of an image does not increase the resolution

Common Colour Spaces
	Prophoto RGB
		great for high-end photography and very fine colour adjustments.

		almost always requires exporting to a smaller colour profile.
		the software will re-map to a different colour mode as best it can.

	Adobe RGB
		common for photo editing and adjustments.

		many digital cameras support JPG photos in this profile.

		export to CMYK for printing.

		some printing presses may accept Adobe RGB.
		
	sRGB
		best for the widest variety of displays and the web.

	CMYK
		best when setting a file up for print.

Colour space determines the range of colour and tones represented in an image file. True.


Raster Images
Raster images are a grid of individual pixels that make up an entire image.
Photos are the best example

Common file extensions are:
	.jpg
	.tiff
	.gif
	.bmp
	.psd (photoshop)

Vector Graphics
Vector graphics are made up of lines, commonly referred to as paths, that contain specified points to create the shapes that make up
the graphic.
They are only created through applications - cannot take a vector photo.

Common examples are app icons or company logos.
Common file extensions are:
	.eps
	.svg
	.ai (adobe)
	.pdf - not graphics but can contain graphics


			Raster		Vector
Print			Y		Y			
Display			Y		Y
Icons					Y
Logos					Y
UI Prototyping				Y
Fixed-sized web assets	Y
Responsive web assets			Y
Typeface				Y


The smaller the ppi of an image, the larger the print of the image but at reduced resolution
Adjusting the ppi will also adjust the quality of an image on display. False.
300x300 pixel image will use the same number of pixels on any display. True.
















